It's good that I got this here.
I will show you because you will come across this issue.
So to fix this one.
One, we have to make some changes in our civil front and push to GitHub.
So let me go to civil it's good to road course this happens in the upload video doing that so upload
video.
So we have the opera video.
We have the formidable you can person configuration max file size.
You can set it to let's say 500 and be if you want then you will do something like 500 multiply, then
multiply, then 24.
All right, so this and push this changes.
So this should help you get past this request entity.
Does that ever make it to want to have added to your file.
They can push distance.
So let's go to my server here.
Get status.
Okay.
One file, intense and geared and kids commit the same.
Formidable config update.
Good push.
Okay.
Now let's go to digital.
Awesome.
See the server sudo get to.
I guess one fellow's been pulled.
Let's start this.
Restart the server pmta and restart the juice.
Okay.
And let's try.
It might come across one letter.
Let's give it a try first.
You.
First lesson with video.
Let's upload a video.
Let's try uploading quite large video.
53.
Let's try this 153.
Me?
It might take a while to let me pause, and if I come across any issues, I will see.
I'm still getting the same error in me.
Go to network and I have this error here.
Request entity to lives.
In the next.
So this is related to engine X.
Okay.
So we have to.
I can let me just Google it.
Okay.
So this is this is the solution.
Max file size.
You have to add this in the config plan max body size.
So we have to add that in the server block.
Let's go.
Let's come back here.
City and I still have this open.
Still best to deteriorate.
Let me go back.
Okay to get inside the file.
We need to go there.
So let's try.
See the space exit from engine x.
Sites
available to them.
Oh.
The default.
Let's press I.
And let's go inside our server block.
I guess it's.
Yeah.
Server.
Here.
Let's.
Based that Glenn bought a max body size.
Let's make it 500 and be.
Okay.
Now let's sit.
Skip Colon WQ.
Let's.
Let's make sure we have enough.
Ursula and the next desk de.
It is successful.
Now let's make sure we restart in the next.
All right.
Now, let's go back and let me just one more time.
Didn't kill all the running process being to kill.
Just so that we have, we make sure everything is back up and running with this new configuration.
Now, let me go inside, see server in to start server this and let's go back to the client to start
NPM desktop.
Perfect.
Now let's give this a try.
So we have this app running.
Let me just give a refresh.
All right.
Now let's try adding.
Listen.
It's for uploading video.
It's with 53.
And besides, let's see.
This time.
I am pretty sure it is going to well, Buffy.
All right.
So it's done and sincere.
And we have our very first video game in just a few more seconds less.
All right, so minimum five listener must be there to publish.
Now you can hit publish.
Okay.
Now it is.
Should be live on the marketplace.
Yes, it is beautiful.
It is a free course.
Beautiful.
Okay.
In this lesson, you learn about asynchronous programming being offered.
I can show you.
All right.
Now, why don't we try making it a better course so that we can try out our payment system as well?
So let's get at it.
And it's make it paid.
Give the price, maybe.
Door to door.
Let's try in.
Okay.
Awesome.
And you can see we have the paid cost.
Beautiful.
No, let me log in as a user.
Ryan Stripe buyer Niteroi saw first.
Make it registered successful.
Please log in.
French fry by.
Okay.
Let me draw.
Luckily, I didn't have to pay real money.
That's in the test mode.
Oh, so that.
That's a great email.
Email.
Ryan Stripe.
My.
That concludes it.
Perfect.
No user has successfully enrolled into the paid course.
You can see here.
Absolutely beautiful.
In this lesson, you learn about this.
You can mark as complete.
You can Mark is complete.
Become an instructor, browse the courses.
Awesome.
Now if you want to log in as the instructor instructor you can go to the dashboard.
You can obviously create, edit, have a look at the revenue and you have this instructor have got the
revenue.
You see 75% out of the total the user paid.
How good is that?
And he can also check out his payouts.
I guess that's my bailout.
I can go to account and have a look at the bank details, make the changes and I can send out a written
back to.
The application.
Beautiful.
All right.
So if you haven't made this so far, congratulation.
This is absolutely incredible.
I spend many years to get to this point where I was able to create such a marketplace.
It has incredibly powerful payment system powered by Stripe, and you build the entire of the e-learning
platform where instructors and students can interact, create courses in enrolled to the course and
whole lot.
Right.
So I'm sure you learn some incredible amount of knowledge and based on this knowledge, you can build
groundbreaking produce.
And I'm pretty sure and you know, you can do that as well.
Right.
So I wish you all the best.
Stay in touch.
We will see you.
So I will see you in future courses as well.
And if you want to stay in touch with me, you can always find me on Twitter at Colorado.
All right.
Thank you very much for being part of this course.
I will see you sometime in future.